track Gad2
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel Gad2
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track Gad2_0
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/8sggixpXjrGTjKo/download/20.bw
                shortLabel Gad2_0
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Gad2
                type bigWig
                color 100,221,23

                track Gad2_20
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/8sggixpXjrGTjKo/download/20.bw
                shortLabel Gad2_20
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Gad2
                type bigWig
                color 119,188,85

                track Gad2_15
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/ignBtrAWjYeRqCQ/download/15.bw
                shortLabel Gad2_15
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Gad2
                type bigWig
                color 65,141,71

track Sox6
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel Sox6
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track Sox6_1
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/kTjZWCaq7TeAAZg/download/1.bw
                shortLabel Sox6_1
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Sox6
                type bigWig
                color 166,222,233

                track Sox6_3
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/2ifmQ72dHGj5DoM/download/3.bw
                shortLabel Sox6_3
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Sox6
                type bigWig
                color 151,209,228

                track Sox6_4
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/Z4DWPML8iypkQB7/download/4.bw
                shortLabel Sox6_4
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Sox6
                type bigWig
                color 80,127,191

                track Sox6_10
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/Kn4LaASP3nNZAgd/download/10.bw
                shortLabel Sox6_10
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Sox6
                type bigWig
                color 49,54,140

                track Sox6_8
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/zwR7jiKQqGDZGmk/download/8.bw
                shortLabel Sox6_8
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Sox6
                type bigWig
                color 63,73,156

                track Sox6_2
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/YkALwmHnPcMWEoo/download/2.bw
                shortLabel Sox6_2
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Sox6
                type bigWig
                color 70,95,173

track Calb1
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel Calb1
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track Calb1_7
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/Kyc6jCjK7Hb5Yay/download/7.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_7
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 252,223,63

                track Calb1_9
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/9R4c5cfX859NMa7/download/9.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_9
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 234,199,78

                track Calb1_13
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/9kBmETrggj7orbd/download/13.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_13
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 247,174,64

                track Calb1_19
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/jc3k4KfsNon2EiL/download/19.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_19
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 154,205,50

                track Calb1_11
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/BgTMgAP2tRPTEKX/download/11.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_11
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 223,53,42

                track Calb1_6
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/GasAPYfZb3YoDnL/download/6.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_6
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 233,101,40

                track Calb1_12
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/FsXfW6ETmc2ZRbg/download/12.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_12
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 237,107,40

                track Calb1_5
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/6SeF2ToaF2S3zmo/download/5.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_5
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 166,45,39

                track Calb1_14
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/fZRAoWnzy2CKwz7/download/14.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_14
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 125,34,30

                track Calb1_18
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/FMJXr84YE4ESfMC/download/18.bw
                shortLabel Calb1_18
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Calb1
                type bigWig
                color 101,67,33

track Other
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel Other
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track Cluster17
                bigDataUrl https://206-12-88-239.cloud.computecanada.ca/nextcloud/index.php/s/xiLQWgFRaMNpGgq/download/17.bw
                shortLabel Cluster17
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent Other
                type bigWig
                color 128,128,128

track CATlas_Dopaminergic
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel CATlas_Dopaminergic
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track SNc-VTA-RAmb_Foxa1
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/SNc-VTA-RAmb_Foxa1_Dopa.bw
                shortLabel SNc-VTA-RAmb_Foxa1
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Dopaminergic
                type bigWig
                color 119,22,61

                track OB_Dopa-Gaba
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/OB_Dopa-Gaba.bw
                shortLabel OB_Dopa-Gaba
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Dopaminergic
                type bigWig
                color 0,113,103


track CATlas_Non_Dopaminergic
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel CATlas_Non_Dopaminergic
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track SNr_Six3_Gaba
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/SNr_Six3_Gaba.bw
                shortLabel SNr_Six3_Gaba
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Non_Dopaminergic
                type bigWig
                color 182,148,187

                track SNr-VTA_Pax5_Npas1_Gaba
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/SNr-VTA_Pax5_Npas1_Gaba.bw
                shortLabel SNr-VTA_Pax5_Npas1_Gaba
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Non_Dopaminergic
                type bigWig
                color 87,201,243

                track STN-PSTN_Pitx2_Glut
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/STN-PSTN_Pitx2_Glut.bw
                shortLabel STN-PSTN_Pitx2_Glut
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Non_Dopaminergic
                type bigWig
                color 172,237,106

                track PAG-MRN_Pou3f1_Glut
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/PAG-MRN_Pou3f1_Glut.bw
                shortLabel PAG-MRN_Pou3f1_Glut
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Non_Dopaminergic
                type bigWig
                color 41,104,39

track CATlas_Glia
type bigWig
container multiWig
shortLabel CATlas_Glia
longLabel ATACseq signal
visibility full
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
maxHeightPixels 500:100:8
viewLimits 0.25:7.5

                track Astrocyte-CB
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/Astro-CB_NN.bw
                shortLabel Astrocyte-CB_NN
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Glia
                type bigWig
                color 68,152,211

                track Endothelial
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/Endo_NN.bw
                shortLabel Endothelial
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Glia
                type bigWig
                color 125,37,167

                track Ependymal
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/Ependymal_NN.bw
                shortLabel Ependymal
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Glia
                type bigWig
                color 241,209,0

                track Microglia
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/Microglia_NN.bw
                shortLabel Microglia
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Glia
                type bigWig
                color 251,82,94

                track Oligodendrocyte
                bigDataUrl https://catlas.org/data/catlas/wholemousebrain/bigwig/Oligo_NN.bw
                shortLabel Oligodendrocyte
                longLabel ATACseq signal
                parent CATlas_Glia
                type bigWig
                color 87,103,145





